check I thought we were you know heard
your mother trampolining
superheroes are illegal
you wanna fight bad guys defines Who I
am
we're not saying you have what someone
on TV said I was approached by this
tycoon most to talk about hero stuff
help me bring supers back into the
sunlight
we need Elastigirl
[Music]
kids no problem not the way you're
supposed to do it dad they want us to do
it I don't know that way why would they
change math over Dusseldorf do those are
dodging Kyle is so heavy atropine closer
I couldn't have done this if you hadn't
taken over so well I've got to succeed
so she can succeed
bob is tricky but I can't keep giving
him cookies nobody done properly
parenting is a heroic act done properly
you